Add DR with active-passive and external storage (#3679)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_prerequisites-disaster-recovery-with-active-and-passive-project-server-and-external-storage.adoc

[id="prerequisites-disaster-recovery-with-active-and-passive-project-server-and-external-storage"]
= Prerequisites

* Review xref:overview-of-recommended-disaster-recovery-plans[] to make sure that this disaster recovery plan works for you.
* Review {InstallingServerDocURL}storage-requirements_{project-context}[Storage requirements] and {InstallingServerDocURL}storage-guidelines_{project-context}[Storage guidelines] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.

> Ensure that your network-attached storage meets the requirements to hold the contents of `/var/lib/pulp` and `{postgresql-lib-dir}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that your network-attached storage meets the requirements of holding the contents of `/var/lib/pulp` and `{postgresql-lib-dir}`.
```
